# UWB-Localization
 The IEEE 802.15.4z amendment [ 2 ] of the IEEE® 802.15.4 standard [ 1 ] is a MAC and PHY specification designed for ranging and localization using ultra wideband (UWB) communication. The very short pulse durations of UWB allow a finer granularity in the time domain and therefore more accurate estimates in the spatial domain.  The key ranging and localization functionality of the 802.15.4z amendment includes 3 MAC-level techniques:  Single-Sided Two-Way Ranging (SS-TWR) - One device estimates the distance between two devices by using frame transmission in both directions of a wireless 802.15.4z link. This technique is demonstrated in the UWB Ranging Using IEEE 802.15.4z example.  Double-Sided Two-Way Ranging (DS-TWR) - Both devices estimate the distance between the two devices by using frame transmission in both directions of a wireless 802.15.4z link.  One-Way Ranging / Time-Difference of Arrival (OWR/TDOA) - Network-assisted localization whereby one device communicates with a set of synchronized nodes to estimate the position of the device.  This example demonstrates the OWR/TDOA technique for uplink transmissions, by using MAC and PHY frames are compatible with the IEEE 802.15.4 standard [ 1 ] and the IEEE 802.15.4z amendment [ 2 ]. For more information on generating PHY-level IEEE 802.15.4z waveforms, see the HRP UWB IEEE 802.15.4a/z Waveform Generation example. For more information on generating IEEE 802.15.4 MAC frames, see the IEEE 802.15.4 - MAC Frame Generation and Decoding example.
